Duck, think outside the flock, walkthrough / solution
Here's everything you always wanted to know about 'Duck, think outside the flock' but were afraid to ask: it's the complete 'Duck, think outside the flock' solution! You can play the game here.
Duck, think outside the flock, the video walkthrough:
Duck, think outside the flock, the text solution:

Level 1:
Pick up the 2 white balls by moving the duck over it.

Level 2:
Click the 3 ducks to turn them around.

Level 3:
Follow the duck with the arrow and click that duck when they stop moving.

Level 4:
Click the odd one out: the purple duck.

Level 5:
Pick up the 2 white balls, but the mouse controls are reversed.

Level 6:
Pick up the 3 white balls, don't touch the purple ones.

Level 7:
Clicking a duck will turn it and his neighbours around. You need to turn them all around, for example by clicking the middle one and the 4 ducks in the corners.

Level 8:
Pick up the white balls from smallest to largest.

Level 9:
Pick up the 3 white balls, don't touch the purple ones, but the mouse controls are reversed.

Level 10:
Click the odd one out: the duck with one eye closed.

Level 11:
Click the ducks and move them so their colour matches the colour of the circles.

Level 12:
Follow the duck with the arrow and click that duck when they stop moving.

Level 13:
Collect the 3 small white balls, then the 3 medium ones, then the 3 large ones.

Level 14:
Click each duck until he is positioned in the middle, so all three ducks are lined up.

Level 15:
Drag the large duck away, so you can click the smaller one.

Level 16:
Turn all the ducks around, for example by clicking in the first row the second duck, in the second row the fourth duck, in the third row first duck and in the last row the third duck.

Level 17:
Click the ducks and move them so their colour matches the colour of the circles.

Level 18:
Pick up the white balls, don't touch the purple ones, but the mouse up and down controls are reversed.

Level 19:
Drag away all the ducks, then click the one facing backwards.

Level 20:
Click the odd one out: the duck with a right eye closed.

Level 21:
Pick up the white balls, don't touch the purple ones, but the mouse left and right controls are reversed.

Level 22:
Click two ducks that are alike and they will go away. Keep going until you’re finished with all the ducks.

Level 23:
Drag away all the ducks twice, then click the ones facing backwards.

Level 24:
Turn all the ducks around, for example by clicking the 4 middle ones and the first and last one in the first row.

Level 25:
This is a game of tic-tac-toe. You can win for example by choosing the middle spot, then the bottom right spot, then the top right spot and then the bottom left spot.
Enjoy the end! .