Me And The Key 2, walkthrough / solution
Here's everything you always wanted to know about Me And The Key 2 but were afraid to ask: it's the complete Me And The Key 2 solution! You can play the game Me And The Key 2 here.
Me And The Key 2, the video walkthrough:
Me And The Key 2, the text solution:

Level 1:
Drag the penguin up and click the key around its neck.

Level 2:
Type all the letters on your keyboard.

Level 3:
Click all the white blocks to form a key.

Level 4:
This is a snake game, press the mouse button to make a left turn, collect 2 balls and then the key.

Level 5:
Press the penguins in the order: MEANDTHEKEY2.

Level 6:
Move your mouse left and right to make the ball fall all the way to the key at the bottom.

Level 7:
Drag one of the white background bars to find the key.

Level 8:
Always click the new ball that is added.

Level 9:
Don't move the mouse, so the penguin will think of a key, make sure your mouse is positioned over the key to be able to click it without moving.

Level 10:
Keep the mouse pointer over the ball as it rises.

Level 11:
Drag the ball from one to the other, don't touch the walls.

Level 12:
Type all the letters on your keyboard, except the letters KEY.

Level 13:
Click the penguins so they spell KEY.

Level 14:
Another snake level, only more balls. Always make big loops to complete this level with success.

Level 15:
Press the Delete button on your keyboard 3 times.

Level 16:
Click the 5 differences on the top tv: nose, right background bar, orange ball, left eye, bottom ball thought balloon.

Level 17:
Drag the ball from one to the other, don't touch the walls, mouse left and right drag left and right, mouse up and down rotates the walls.

Level 18:
Click all the blocks until they are all white and form a key.

Level 19:
Press the penguins in the order: BARTBONTE.

Level 20:
Snake, but you also have to click the blocks to make a way for the snake.

Level 21:
Press the penguins in the order: TWENTYONE.

Level 22:
Drag the three layers to find a key.

Level 23:
Make all tvs the same: orange background and penguin down.

Level 24:
Always click the new ball that is added.

Level 25:
Hit all the bricks and finally hit the key.
Enjoy the end! . 