Me And The Key, walkthrough / solution
Here's everything you always wanted to know about Me And The Key but were afraid to ask: it's the complete Me And The Key solution! You can play the game Me And The Key here.
Me And The Key, the video walkthrough:
Me And The Key, the text solution:

Level 1:
Click the penguin and click his key.

Level 2:
Click all the orange balls, the last one will drop the key.

Level 3:
Click all the penguins. The last one you click will have the key.

Level 4:
Click and hold the mouse key until the tree is fully grown with 4 oranges. Click the 4 oranges to drop them. Once they are all dropped click them again. The last one will have the key.

Level 5:
Click the doors in position 3, 2, 2, 3, 3, 4, 4 to reveal the key.

Level 6:
Hit the key with the ball.

Level 7:
Drag and drop all the penguins away to reveal the key.

Level 8:
Click all the spots on the ball to light the complete ball lit.

Level 9:
Click a penguin when it appears on a television screen. When you have all the penguins, the last one will have the key.

Level 10:
Drag the rope down. The key is on the other end.

Level 11:
Type the worhd 'key'.

Level 12:
Drag the penguins around. The third one will have the key.

Level 13:
Hit the key with the ball. This time you need to hit a brick twice.

Level 14:
Move all the way left and right a couple of times to drop the key.

Level 15:
Move the mouse over a penguin to raise it, then while it is raised keep following the orange line without moving off the line until your reach the second penguin.

Level 16:
Drag the ball to the very top of the screen and let it drop so the floor goes down. Repeat until you see the key in the top of the tree.

Level 17:
Make all the balls white to get the key, but if they touch each other they’ll go back to grey.

Level 18:
Position the hole on the ball at the bottom so the key can fall out.

Level 19:
Click the right mouse button and select key in the menu. (Note right click on a Mac is the CTRL-key).

Level 20:
Drag the robe all the way up and then release it, so the glass orb will get smashed. Pull the rope up again and get the key.

Level 21:
Drag one ball to the other in such a way so that the ball hits the blocks on the sides of the wall. When all the blocks have gone, the key will appear.

Level 22:
Same as level 9, but if you miss one, you have to start the level all over.

Level 23:
Click the doors in position 3, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1 to reveal the key.

Level 24:
Same as level 15 but with 4 penguins.

Level 25:
Hit the paddles 99 times. Concentrate on the top and bottom paddle. If you're lucky you'll find the position where the ball only goes vertically up and down, and you don’t have to do anything.
Enjoy the end! . 
